"Hare Hare Yukai", ending theme of "The Melancholy of Haruchi Susumiya"
(Sunny Sunny Happiness)
Video #119
♪ If we can map out all of Earth's mysteries ♪
(nazonazo mitai ni chikyuugi wo tokiakashitara)
♪ We will be able to go to any place we want ♪
(minna de doko made mo ikeru ne)
♪ Until the end of time, Boooon! ♪
(jikan no hate made Boooon)
♪ With a warp, this looping feeling ♪
(waapu de ruupu na kono omoi wa)
♪ Swirls everything together and plays around with them! ♪
(nani mo kamo wo makikonda souzou de asobou)
♪ On a particular sunny day, ♪
(aru hareta hi no koto)
♪ A happiness greater than magic ♪
(mahou ijou no yukai ga)
♪ Will pour down endlessly. It's not impossible! ♪
(kagirinaku furisosogu fukanou janai wa)
♪ When we meet again tomorrow, we'll laugh and hum a tune! ♪
(ashita mata au toki warainagara hamingu)
♪ Let's collect all the happiness ♪
(ureshisa wo atsumeyou)
♪ It's easy, there's nothing to it! ♪
(kantan nanda yo konna no)
♪ Chase after them and try to catch them ♪
(oikakete ne tsukamaete mite)
♪ You love big dreams, right? ♪
(ooki na yume yume suki deshou)
"RetroMania Rhapsody" by PolyphonicBranch feat. Kagamine Rin/Len
Video #143
♪ Today, the time to get started has come again ♪
(kyou mo mata kono jikan ga yatte mairimashita)
♪ Cola, check! Potato chips, check! Cushion, OK! ♪
(koora ni potechi ni kusshon OK!)
♪ D-pad functionality confirmed, A B rapid fire! ♪
(juuji kii no dousa kakunin AB rensha)
♪ The inevitable battle is going to happen here, here, here, here, here, here, here, HERE! ♪
(yuzurenai tatakai ga koko ni arun da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da)
♪ This encounter is a trick played by fate ♪
(kono enkaunto unmei no itazura)
♪ Are you ready for the retro game? ♪
(retorogee junbi wa ii kai?)
♪ Have you already checked it it's the correct judgement? One, two... ♪
(atari hantei chekku zumi wan tsuu)
♪ Come! ♪
(Saa!)
♪ Come, let's begin! ♪
(Saa hajimeyou!)
♪ Captivated by a mysterious mushroom ♪
(ushigi na kinoko ni hamatchatte)
♪ Kicking the turtle shell up high ♪
(koura o ketobashi hai)
♪ 1Up!×∞ ♪
♪ Forcefully bumping up the score, and saying 'Bye Bye' at the valley ♪
(kyousei sukurooru afurarete tanisoko baibai)
♪ Overly obsessed with not making a single mistake! ♪
(noo misu tte yokubari sugi ja nai!)
♪ Having already forgotten the original goal ♪
(honrai no mokuteki wasurechate)
♪ Tortoise, the princess, get over there! ♪
(riku game ohimesama sotchinoke)
♪ Doing it without even taking a look at your eyes ♪
(kimi ni me ni mo no misete yari mashou)
♪ As for getting a new record for Time Attack... ♪
(taimu atakku kiroku koushin de)
♪ There's no way I won't be able to achieve that! ♪
(makeru wakenai jan!)
"YATTA!" by Green Leaves
(I DID IT!)
Video #153
♪ G ♪
♪ R ♪
♪ EE ♪
♪ N ♪
♪ LEAVES ♪
♪ G ♪
♪ R ♪
♪ EE ♪
♪ N ♪
♪ LEAVES ♪
♪ It's so easy, HA! ♪
♪ Happy go lucky ♪
♪ We are the world ♪
♪ We did it ♪
*(x) Not “in”*
♪ Whoo! Whoo! Whoo! Whoo! ♪
(hyuu hyuu hyuu hyuu)
♪ Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! ♪
(osu osu osu osu)
♪ HELLO EVERYONE! ♪
(HAI DOMO!)
♪ YATTA, YATTA ♪
♪ Got into college ♪
(daigaku goukaku)
♪ Promoted to CEO ♪
(shachou shuunin)
♪ As long as you have a piece of leaf… ♪
(happa ichimai areba ii)
♪ You are "LUCKY" to keep on living ♪
(ikiteiru kara rakkii da)
♪ YATTA, YATTA ♪
♪ Guaranteed win ♪
(tousen kakujitsu)
♪ Representing Japan ♪
(nippon daihyou)
♪ Health is over 9000 ♪
(yannaru gurai kenkou da)
♪ Everybody say ♪
♪ YATTA! ♪
(I did it!)
♪ G ♪
♪ R ♪
♪ EE ♪
♪ N ♪
♪ LEAVES ♪
♪ G ♪
♪ R ♪
♪ EE ♪
♪ N ♪
♪ LEAVES ♪
Bye Q!
"Aburahamu no Ko"
(Abraham's Children)
Video #79
♪ Abraham had seven sons ♪
(aburahamu ni wa shichi-nin no ko)
♪ One was tall and the others were short ♪
(hitori wa noppo de ato wa chibi)
♪ Everyone is living in harmony ♪
(minna nakayoku kurashiteru)
♪ So, let's dance around ♪
(saa o-do-ri-ma-shou)
♪ Right hand ♪
(migite (migite))
♪ Abraham had seven sons ♪
(aburahamu ni wa shichi-nin no ko)
♪ One was tall and the others were short ♪
(hitori wa noppo de ato wa chibi)
♪ Everyone is living in harmony ♪
(minna nakayoku kurashiteru)
♪ So, let's dance around ♪
♪ saa o-do-ri-ma-shou ♪
♪ Right hand ♪
(migite (migite))
♪ Left hand ♪
(hidarite (hidarite))
♪ Abraham had seven sons ♪
(aburahamu ni wa shichi-nin no ko)
♪ One was tall and the others were short ♪
(hitori wa noppo de ato wa chibi)
♪ Everyone is living in harmony ♪
(minna nakayoku kurashiteru)
♪ So, let's dance around ♪
(saa o-do-ri-ma-shou)
♪ Right hand ♪
(migite (migite))
♪ Left hand ♪
(hidarite (hidarite))
♪ Right foot ♪
(migiashi (migiashi))
♪ Abraham had seven sons ♪
(aburahamu ni wa shichi-nin no ko)
♪ One was tall and the others were short ♪
(hitori wa noppo de ato wa chibi)
♪ Everyone is living in harmony ♪
(minna nakayoku kurashiteru)
♪ So, let's dance around ♪
(saa o-do-ri-ma-shou)
♪ Right hand ♪
(migite (migite))
♪ Left hand ♪
(hidarite (hidarite))
♪ Right foot ♪
(migiashi (migiashi))
♪ Left foot ♪
(hidariashi (hidariashi))
♪ Abraham had seven sons ♪
(aburahamu ni wa shichi-nin no ko)
♪ One was tall and the others were short ♪
(hitori wa noppo de ato wa chibi)
♪ Everyone is living in harmony ♪
(minna nakayoku kurashiteru)
♪ So, let's dance around ♪
(saa o-do-ri-ma-shou)
♪ Right hand ♪
(migite (migite))
♪ Left hand ♪
(hidarite (hidarite))
♪ Right foot ♪
(migiashi (migiashi))
♪ Left foot ♪
(hidariashi (hidariashi))
♪ Head ♪
(atama (atama))
♪ Abraham had seven sons ♪
(aburahamu ni wa shichi-nin no ko)
♪ One was tall and the others were short ♪
(hitori wa noppo de ato wa chibi)
♪ Everyone is living in harmony ♪
(minna nakayoku kurashiteru)
♪ So, let's dance around ♪
(saa o-do-ri-ma-shou)
♪ Right hand ♪
(migite (migite))
♪ Left hand ♪
(hidarite (hidarite))
♪ Right foot ♪
(migiashi (migiashi))
♪ Left foot ♪
(hidariashi (hidariashi))
♪ Head ♪
(atama (atama))
♪ Butt ♪
(oshiri (oshiri))
♪ Abraham had seven sons ♪
(aburahamu ni wa shichi-nin no ko)
♪ One was tall and the others were short ♪
(hitori wa noppo de ato wa chibi)
♪ Everyone is living in harmony ♪
(minna nakayoku kurashiteru)
♪ So, let's dance around ♪
(saa o-do-ri-ma-shou)
♪ Right hand ♪
(migite (migite))
♪ Left hand ♪
(hidarite (hidarite))
♪ Right foot ♪
(migiashi (migiashi))
♪ Left foot ♪
(hidariashi (hidariashi))
♪ Head ♪
(atama (atama))
♪ Butt ♪
(oshiri (oshiri))
♪ Turn around (eyes) ♪
(mawatte (mawatte))
*normally you'd turn your entire body in "mawatte"
instead of rolling your eyes*
♪ Abraham had seven sons ♪
(aburahamu ni wa shichi-nin no ko)
♪ One was tall and the others were short ♪
(hitori wa noppo de ato wa chibi)
♪ Everyone is living in harmony ♪
(minna nakayoku kurashiteru)
♪ So, let's dance around ♪
(saa o-do-ri-ma-shou)
♪ Right hand ♪
(migite (migite))
♪ Left hand ♪
(hidarite (hidarite))
♪ Right foot ♪
(migiashi (migiashi))
♪ Left foot ♪
(hidariashi (hidariashi))
♪ Head ♪
(atama (atama))
♪ Butt ♪
(oshiri (oshiri))
♪ Turn around (eyes) ♪
(mawatte (mawatte))
♪ The end! ♪
(oshimai!)
"Silent Majority" by Keyakizaka46
Video #110
♪ At the overflowing intersection, where will you go? ♪
(hito ga afureta kousaten wo, doko e yuku?)
♪ All wearing the same clothes, wearing the same expression ♪
(nita you na fuku wo kite nita you na hyoujou de...)
♪ Walking with the crowd as though I am lost ♪
(mure no naka ni magireru you ni aruiteru)
♪ What's making me hesitate to be different? ♪
(dareka to chigau koto ni nani wo tamerau no darou)
♪ Those ahead turn to face you ♪
(saki yuku hito ga furikaeri)
♪ And tell you to toe the line ♪
(retsu wo midasu na to)
♪ They preach the rules ♪
(Ruuru wo toku kedo)
♪ But their eyes are dead ♪
(sono me wa shinde iru)
♪ You have the freedom to be you ♪
(kimi wa kimi rashiku ikite yuku jiyuu ga arunda)
♪ Don't be ruled by adults ♪
(otonatachi ni shihaisareru na)
♪ If people like that give up at the start ♪
(hajime kara sou akiramete shimattara)
♪ Then why were we born at all? ♪
(bokura wa nani no tame ni umareta no ka?)
♪ If you have dreams, then sometimes you'll be lonely ♪
(yume wo miru koto wa toki ni wa kodoku ni mo naru yo)
♪ You'll have to walk a lonely road ♪
(dare mo inai michi wo susumunda)
♪ It won't start even if the whole world is the same ♪
(kono sekai wa murete ite mo hajimaranai)
♪ Are you really fine with "yes"? ♪
("Yes" de ii no ka?)
♪ Silent Majority! ♪
♪ Gradually ♪
"Subscriber Celebration"
Video #27
♪ My subscriber count increases ♪
♪ A.I.Channel! "Beautiful!" ♪
♪ Twitter ♪
♪ Follower count over 1000! ♪
♪ Intimacy! "Wonderful!" ♪
♪ Greeting! Connecting! ♪
♪ A.I.Channel! Fuuuu! ♪
Translated by Ryogawa, Inori and Vortex